README.md, before:

# LTO Price Tracker

This program collects price information of LTO Ultrium products (gen 7, 8 and 9) for 4 brands (Fujifilm, IBM, HPE and Quantum) from 3 major e-commerce stores (listed below).

 + https://www.backupworks.com/
 + https://www.tape4backup.com/
 + https://tapeandmedia.com/

## Installation
Create a copy of this [repo](https://github.com/K-Fukasawa/Price_tracker), then clone your new repo onto your local computer by using tools such as GitHub Desktop, and navigate there from the command-line:

```sh
cd ~/Documents/GitHub/Price_tracker/
```

Use Anaconda to create and activate a new virtual environment, perhaps called "price-tracker-env":

```sh
conda create -n price-tracker-env
conda activate price-tracker-env
```

Then, within an active virtual environment, install package dependencies:

```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Python Packages
This program requires the following python packages to run. These packages are listed in the requirements.txt file.

 + pandas
 + sendgrid==6.6.0
 + python-dotenv
 + beautifulsoup4
 + requests
 + xlsxwriter

## Usage
1. Price scrape and output as excel
    By executing the program, the program will collect today's price information and stores onto an xlsx file.
    Pass the following command into command line to execute program.

```sh
python monthly_price_tracker.py
```

    After executing the py file, an xlsx file named "Internet_pricing_All_YYYY-MM-DD" will be created on the root directory. It will also show a table with the collected price information on the command line.

2. Send excel file to specified recipient
<Setup>
To enable this feature


## Setup auto-run using Heroku
You can set up auto-run by setting uo this program on a Heroku server.

### Configuration for Heroku

## Send xlsx file to specified email address
Using Sendgrid, you can send the generated xlsx file to a specified email address.

### Configuration for Sendgrid
To setup email feature, 


## Limitations
This program is designed to work specifically for the URLs within the py files (12 product pages from the 3 listed webisites) and does not have the flexibility to collect price information from other websites.

Commit message:

README updated with instructions for the email feature.

README.md, after:


# LTO Price Tracker
This program collects price information of LTO Ultrium products (gen 7, 8 and 9) for 4 brands (Fujifilm, IBM, HPE and Quantum) from 3 major e-commerce stores (listed below).

 + https://www.backupworks.com/
 + https://www.tape4backup.com/
 + https://tapeandmedia.com/

## Installation
Create a copy of this [repo](https://github.com/K-Fukasawa/Price_tracker), then clone your new repo onto your local computer by using tools such as GitHub Desktop, and navigate there from the command-line:

```sh
cd ~/Documents/GitHub/Price_tracker/
```

Use Anaconda to create and activate a new virtual environment, perhaps called "price-tracker-env":

```sh
conda create -n price-tracker-env
conda activate price-tracker-env
```

Then, within an active virtual environment, install package dependencies:

```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Python Packages
This program requires the following python packages to run. These packages are listed in the requirements.txt file.

 + pandas
 + sendgrid==6.6.0
 + python-dotenv
 + beautifulsoup4
 + requests
 + xlsxwriter

## Usage 1: Price scrape and output as excel
By executing the program, the program will collect today's price information and stores onto an xlsx file.
Pass the following command into command line to execute program.

```sh
python monthly_price_tracker.py
```

After executing the py file, an xlsx file named "Internet_pricing_All_YYYY-MM-DD" will be created on the root directory. It will also show a table with the collected price information on the command line.

## Usage 2: Send excel file to specified recipient
Setup:
To enable this feature, first create a file named .env on your root directory.
In the .env file, enter the following scripts and populate with required information.

    SENDGRID_API_KEY="---------------YOUR SENDGRID API KEY---------------"
    SENDER_EMAIL_ADDRESS="---------------SENDER EMAIL ADDRESS---------------"
    RECIPIENT_EMAIL_ADDRESS="---------------RECIPIENT EMAIL ADDRESS---------------"

In case you want to send the excel report to multiple emails, separate the addresses with a comma. Example shown below.

    RECIPIENT_EMAIL_ADDRESS="sample.address1@stern.nyu.edu,sample.address2@stern.nyu.edu"

Program execution:
To execute program, pass the following script into the command line.

```sh
python email_monthly_report.py
```

If program is ran successfully, an email with the excel report attached will be sent from the sender address to the recipient address.

In case of error:
If for some reason the program 

## Setup auto-run using Heroku
You can set up auto-run by setting uo this program on a Heroku server.

### Configuration for Heroku

## Send xlsx file to specified email address
Using Sendgrid, you can send the generated xlsx file to a specified email address.

### Configuration for Sendgrid
To setup email feature, 


## Limitations
This program is designed to work specifically for the URLs within the py files (12 product pages from the 3 listed webisites) and does not have the flexibility to collect price information from other websites.
